This little girl is taking tennis lessons to learn how to play.
A donuts machine making donuts in large batches.
Athletes on field during sanctioned tournament at night.
a black cat sitting next to a cowboy hat
Two men standing wearing tuxedos and one man writing something.
a baseball player gets ready to throw a pitch
The lunchbox has a cold sandwich, strawberry yogurt and orange juice.
A toothbrush, dental floss, and toothpaste on a table top.
A man flies his kite in a grassy park.
A car hits and bends a parking meter.
A crowd of people standing outside of a hotel on snow covered ground.
A man holding two plates of food while smiling.
Old wooded bench on a poorly mowed slope.
A passenger twain in station for people to be on inside
A bathroom with white tile and a beige toilet.
A beautiful young woman standing next to a red piece of luggage.
two giraffes are in their pen and a building
An adult helps a child ski in the snow.
A car at an intersection while a man is crossing the street.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard
A family stands and smiles happily next to their daughter.
a teen riding a skateboard next to some stairs
A pitcher throws a baseball to a batter.
An apartment that does not have much furniture and a messy kitchen.
A small bus traveling down a street.
A sink and mirror sit in the corner of an empty bathroom.
A few guys playing beach volleyball in the sand.
A group of people standing outside of a bus.
A man swimming in a pool, making his way to the edge where a large, rainbow umbrella is located.
A wooden table holding a black tray of meat and rice.
A person is separated from everyone else in the picture and doing something there.
A person playing with his phone, with a butterfly on it.
truck sitting in the road with chargers decorations on it
A person with a tie in a building.
A horse drawn trolly on a track, the trolly is full of people.
a couple of cars sitting on top of a hill
A motorcycle being displayed on a platform during an event.
A white controller for the Nintendo Wii game system.
Yellow and green colored train sitting stationary underground.
A close-up of the monkey sitting down eating a banana.
This is three professional athletes from a long time ago.
A stop sign in a foreign country reading "Alto"
Two giraffes standing near each other in the zoo.
a white toilet is laying on its side on the ground
Colorful sink in a bathroom area with toiletry items on it.
Two planes fly in the air near each other.
A table and surf-board on a porch overlooking the beach.
a crowd of people getting on a tour bus
A man tossing a frisbee on top of a green park.
A plate of food cut into slices has onions and olives on it.
A black and white terrier looks up at the camera.
A small bathroom with a sink and bathtub.
A plate full of fried food and salad with a fork laying in it
Two people eating biscuits on a brown table.
A grilled sandwich with a cappuccino cup on some plates.
A battered hat rests upside down on a dirty surface.
a man is laying on the floor playing with a cat
a train on a train track near a train stop
A woman standing outside holding up an umbrella.
A metal bench sitting in front of a window.
a train on tracks at the front of the train depot
A metal suitcase and a couple of boxes.
A large truck driving past a shopping center on a rain covered road.
A person standing on a mountain with two dogs
A large black cat laying on top of a pink laptop.
a bunch of people are wearing skies in the snow
a stainless steel tabletop covered in dinnerware in a kitchen
A person rides the waves on their surfboard.
There is a man that is in the bus putting a ribbon on the bus
The plate has fruits and nuts covering it.
A cat sitting between a window and blinds.
a large dog in the back of a truck driving on a city street
A group of zebras eating together at a trough
A group of people on a court playing tennis.
A young kid swinging a baseball bat in a game.
a table covered wtih two taptops and a phone and assorted accessories
The man smiles as a companion straightens his tie.
A group of people are on a safari in a vehicle and they are viewing a giraffe.
The cat is fast asleep on the rumpled sheets of the unmade bed.
A fruit blender plugged into brick wall, with duct tape
A bird standing on top of a beach next to water.
a woman is showing off a large pizza pie
A room with tables and a clock on the wall.
An old fire hydrant sitting outside in the grass.
A young boy swinging a baseball bat towards a ball.
a man in the batters box swings at a pitch
A desk holds a couple computers and some speakers.
Two giraffe standing next to each other in a field.
A man holding a tennis ball and a tennis racquet.
A flower arrangement with pink flowers in a white vase.
A woman pets a cow in a grassy field.
A group of people sitting around a table in the kitchen.
There is a wood bench at the edge of a forest path.
A bird is sitting on a silver truck
A black and white portrait of a male.
Close up view of fried chicken, waffles, fruit, and other food.
A zebra leaning over eating grass by some bushes
four men in suits talking near robot model
A horse and rider making a jump over a fence on a field
a tray with pastries drizzled with chocolate and whip cream